1) Hello I am Divisha Choudavaram from India. My major is MPS Analytics with Machine Learning Intelligence concentration. I completed my bachelors in Computer Science and Engineering in India. I worked as Technical support associate on SQl server in S&P Global. Today we would be presenting about Analysis on the new school named 'Elite Education centre' that is ready to be launched in New York region. We performed a Exploratory Data Analysis to draw insights on already existing data for the success of the school.

2) At "Elite Education Center" our goal is to provide an inclusive and personalized education that prepares our students for academic success in college and beyond. Our dedicated faculty and staff work closely with students to understand their unique needs, interests, and aspirations. Our curriculum is designed to provide students with a rigorous and challenging education, while also preparing them for the SAT and AP exams. With our commitment to diversity and equity, we are dedicated to providing an inclusive learning environment that serves the needs of all students, regardless of their background.

10) Gender is an important factor in determining the SAt scores as many researchers has shown that there are often differences in the academic performance as per gender. Also here I would like to analyse how diversity effects the SAT scores. From the given graph when the male percentage is high or when it is low, the SAT scores are around average. When there is a balanced male percent, the SAT scores are high. From this we can imply that having diversity in the college is a good sign for having good SAT scores.

11) Here I would like to analyse and % of people who requires free luch in a school by Borough. % who requires free lunch basically shows the low economic conditions in an area. From the graph, Bronx has low Average SAT score and high number of people requiring free lunch. SO Bronx has low economic consitions compared to other areas and also the the low Average SAT score. Let us also look at the race distribution in different Boroughs.

12) The Bronx and Staten Island's average SAT scores are inversely proportional to the percentage of Hispanic students, with the Bronx having the highest and Staten Island having the lowest. 

17) The average SAT scores in the Bronx and Staten Island are inversely related to the number of students who are Hispanic, with the Bronx having the highest scores and Staten Island having the lowest. According to the graph above, the Bronx has poor economic conditions and a higher than average Hispanic population.

19) Coming to the story we already saw these dashboards before,the main objective of the our analysis is to get the Relationship between SAT analysis of Newyoark's high school data with various Racial and Socio economic demographics. From the story, the dashboard 1 is Showing positive correlation between SAT scores and Asian and White students, negative correlation with Hispanic and Black students, negative correlation with students from low-income households and positive correlation with total enrollment and diversity of student population. Correlations between race suggest that systemic barriers are preventing these students from achieving their full potential. Schools with higher diversity tend to have higher SAT scores. For us to start a school we need to give admissions keeping diversity in mind. Here we found that system barriers are stopping students but we cannot completely conclude from this. There are also many students from various locations. So location can also play a role for the low or high scores. I included the borough dashboard which completed the analysis and gives us that Poor economic conditions can have a significant impact on a student's ability to succeed in SAT exam.Also some particular races are present in the areas with poor economic condition.
 




